very good how are you my
dearest lovers of the heart How
are my people of telesalseo I hope
you are having a wonderful and
spectacular day today I bring you
some statements from Jaime Peñafiel I was going
to tell you that they will not leave
anyone indifferent but I think I'm going to go further
in this video and I'm going to dare to
say that this Gentleman Jaime
Peñafiel gives me the feeling Hey
maybe I'm exaggerating but I have
the feeling that this man is
getting a little out of hand eh And
no he is not controlling or has lost the
notion of the thickness of his
statements and the weight that his words
are having against the monarchy he
is already saying true barbarities
this is an interview that is being done by a
certain Ricard Ustrell who coincidentally
is also a Catalan media outlet I'm not saying this
because I have anything against Catalonia
but the Catalan media are the only
ones that are echoing all of this
news against Queen
Letizia and others no we have already spoken about on
some occasion  this
television channel well I thought it was
a television channel but what we're
going to hear is an audio So
since I'm not from Catalonia I don't know if it's
a television interview and they've
only published the audio or maybe they
also have their own radio station I do
n't know okay but look at the headline
since they put Jaime Peñafiel colon the
Bourbons are [ __ ] I mean
this is not a headline from Juanca or anything like that
this is a headline from a
Catalan television channel okay eh if this is
the headline that you put the interview already
shows promise okay I mean look at
YouTube we're already starting to see
headlines that say you be careful and don't
put your hand in here no no but of course they would
first have to go through all
the Catalan television channels uh all the
written press media
digital media that are echoing
this series of news and Jaime Peñafiel
Well he has already said on more than one
occasion that he is worth more for what he doesn't say than for
what he says there already Well if
this is what he doesn't say eh if this is what he
says that he is supposedly not even the
1% of what he knows my goodness what
this man has in store But anyway let's
discuss this part of the interview
Because he also dares to state
categorically that Felipe
VI's marriage with Leticia has been broken for a
long time because there are more
infidelities He says it without any
fear I really think that he's getting
a little bit carried away okay but it's
my personal opinion and I say it with all due
respect I don't know if maybe he's
not afraid to sue anymore because he'll
say well they're not going to sue me
much and well by rule of three no
the lawsuit won't go very far I
don't know what's wrong with him I don't know if he has something
against the monarchy against
Leticia or what But this is getting
a little bit out of hand I'm Javier Oliveira
welcome one more day to my channel if you didn't
know me I invite you to subscribe
okay but it's not that I'm inviting you it's that I'm
going to force you absolutely everyone who
's watching this video everyone who's
watching this video right now has to
press the button  subscribe if you are
interested in this type of content and
want me to continue informing you of all
the headlines that are coming out and
all the news subscribe and
give me a like so that YouTube doesn't
stop recommending my content to you pay
attention okay let's go to the interview
grab on it's coming on eh let's go now
the beginning that you are going to hear from the ex
excerpt that I have selected it's going to give you it's
going to give you a heart attack Have you found out that
Leticia is an unfaithful wife Have you found out
from the person who has been the love of her
life like Jaime del Burgo Leticia is an
unfaithful person okay And also Jaime Peña
Fiel tags him once again that we already
saw a few days ago in another video okay
tag Jaime del Burgo once again
as the love of his life I mean Jaime
Peña Fiel is very clear about it and he doesn't tell you
Well he had an affair with this
man and then it passed no no no no
tag him as the love of his life who has
been my Informant what he says
I think it's all true what I don't know
why the subject I don't know why Here destu
this marriage out of revenge
possibly he tells things that shouldn't be
told Ah okay tell things that
shouldn't be told my book only
tells The 1% well There is a subject I
have a rule there you have it okay in his
book he only counts 1 percent I mean if
this is the 1 percent that we have
even seen headlines where they say that the
queen dedicated her underwear to him and she
sent it to him and this
man has it saved I mean it's the other 99 for God's sake
of my life everyone knows that I am
worth more for what I keep quiet than for what I
tell and what I keep quiet I have to keep
quiet because it affects the most
intimate intimacy of a
human being and what I keep quiet I keep quiet because it
affects the most intimate intimacy of a
human being Of course because they send you
panties by mail right that is B
populis everyone knows that who
hasn't found a package with
a pair of bras incredible I mean he does
n't hold back he's not
ashamed to make these types of expressions
I really I mean I think that there will be some
of the things that Jaime del Burgo tells
that will be true okay because  he is
inciting people to take him to
court and so on, I've already said that in
other videos, okay. If they take him to
court, even if he can prove the
truth, it doesn't mean that they can't
convict him of violating the
queen's privacy. Okay, we've seen
plenty of occasions where there have
been sentences in which they have convicted.
No. Even if it is a true fact, even if it is
something that happened, Pipi Estrada with
Terelu, he was convicted, okay, he was convicted
because he recounted in detail all the sex he
had with Terelu in hotels in the
suite. I don't know what was true, it was true,
convicted of violating privacy. Okay, I
forget, Hormigo, if I'm not mistaken, he
lost two lawsuits with Alejandro Lequio
for also telling, I don't know how many things, that
is, he violates privacy. Likewise,
then I don't know if he trusts and trusts
that the queen is not going to sue him so
that this truth is not proven and not to
make the matter more public. eh, but man,
having the nerve, having the nerve to say, I
keep many things to myself because I have
a rule in my work which is to respect
people's privacy man well will
you forgive me for laughing my head off do
you have details of
Leticia's other relationships for
example with Jaimer Burgo but are there more
relationships according to him yes According to him yes According to him
Yes I believe I have to say I say it with
all due respect Felipe is a good person
but a poor man is calling him with a
knot in some way he has no character
she has a lot of character she is very bossy
when it is not wrong it is not wrong for
a woman to command it is not wrong for a
woman to have the life she wants no no that not the one she
wants no Why not No but
that she commands yes I am married to a woman
who commands a lot which is
phenomenal neti more neti I'm going to tell you she
has not cheated on anyone the day of the
presentation of courtship in El Paso del
Pardo she already showed her character okay or
so you are telling me here that Leticia
puts on a lot of horns that Leticia is
good don't see the infidelities But be
careful she has not cheated on anyone eh I'm
also going to give her one of ca and another of
sand Leticia has not  deceived no one
Only this one who is a poor man
what a joke to the monarchy eh When
when to silence Felipe that the
Spanish courtly press which is very courtly
said How could
the prince be disrespected it was not the prince who
was disrespecting her because
she was speaking and he
intervened and she said let me speak
logically since then it is like this has
marked her character her her her terrain what
happens is that she has already forgotten that
she is not the queen that she is not she is
the consort Well but in the end she is the
queen no no no she is not the queen she is the
consort the monarchy is not two-headed the
head of state is the head of
state who is Felipe and in Spain he is a
king She is the lote the wife of the head of
state period which is no small thing that she
is saying if it works like that okay
What happens is that Leticia has not measured
the terrain easily and has gone
several towns Why would Don Jaime say
that this subject has not been spoken about in Spain it has not
been and I repeat because
the press  Spanish and I am a journalist, she
is very courteous and very slimy, there is a
will from the royal house that
this subject is not spoken about absolutely, the
royal house has been respectful with the silence
of the well eh It seems incredible to me
okay eh that you can base yourself simply
on this testimony to affirm certain
things no, I think that they are going
a bit too far But still Well,
here is the news here we
are giving it to you eh according to Jaime del Burgo, I do
n't know how satisfied with saying that he has
been a lover of Leticia while she
was already married and had the two girls
with Felipe, but also Jaime del
Burgo would have gone further and has
told Jaime Fidel that there would be more
infidelities How do you stay, do you
believe it, I certainly don't, I send you a
huge kiss family, see you in the
next video and bye bye I love you
very much Thank you for the support if you
liked the video Click the button and
subscribe to our
[Music]
YouTube channel